Typescript Lab Assignments:

Day-4 :

Q1. Write a typescript program to find sum of digits of given five-digit number.

Q2. Write a function pow(x,y) that calculates x^y. Do not use the Math predefined object.

Q3. Write a function to find the sum of squares of even numbers upto N. 
    N is passed as argument to typescript function.

Q4. Write a typescript file that has a function that accepts an array of numbers.
    The function must loop through array, find the min and max element in the array.
    It must also find the average of all elements in the array. Display all values in function only.

Q5. Write a typescript file that has a function that accepts a array of numbers.
    The function must loop through array, find square of each element and return the array with new elements.
	var squareArray = arraySquare(original-array);

Q6. Write a typescript file that has a function strJoin(). 
    This function must take first argument as separator and any number of subsequent string arguments.
    The function must sort the input strings and then return a string that is a concatenated string, 
    with each input string separated by separator.
	eg : strJoin(“#”,”Soha”,”Shrilata”,” Sarita”) returns Sarita#Shrilata#Soha

Q7. Write a typescript function that takes variable array of strings. The array holds many web site names. 
    Eg, www.google.com, www.msn.com, www.amazon.co.in, in.answers.yahoo.com, en.m.wikipedia.com, codehs.gitbooks.io, www.coderanch.com 	  etc. 
    Search for all sites that begin with “www” and display the total number of such sites. Eg for above eg, total is 4.

Q8. Write a TypeScipt class Product that has Product-id, Product-name and product-price.
	printProduct() should print product details.

Q9. Create a class Products that will have an array of Product objects. 
    printAllProducts() must iterate through array and print out all products.
    
Q10. Create Employee class module and organization class module. Create a main.ts import both modules in main.ts

	a)Implement function to find total no of employees in main.ts
	b)Display information organization
	c)Store employee objects in array
	d)Implement Employee search function to find employee and display all his details
	
Note:Employee(Name,id,address,phone,email),Organization(name,registration_id,address).



