Javascript Lab Assignments:

Day-3 :

Q1. Create a HTML form that accepts start and end values and displays multiplication table.

Q2. Create a HTML acccepting inputs of "String", "Substring" and "Replace with String" from User. 
    Use JS to manipulate strings. Display the output below the button.
	1st radio button : search the given sub string (second text box) in main string (first text box)
	2nd & 3rd radio button: convert one of the strings to upper/lower case
	4th radio button : trim spaces around first string
	5th radio button : concatenate strings in first and 2nd text boxes
	6th radio button : Replace with given string

Q3. Write a program that accepts (from the html form) a positive integer less than 1000 and prints out the sum of the digits of this number.
	Enter a +ve no less than 1000: -4
	Entered number is out of range
	Enter a +ve no less than 1000: 1234
	Entered number is out of range
	Enter a +ve no less than 1000: 546
	Sum of the digits of 546 is 15

Q4. Assume I have an array of member names. Read the array and display all member names as a string delimited by comma all in uppercase.

Q5. Assume we have this content in HTML <body>
	<body>
	<h3> Members of my Group are </h3>
	<ol id="list">
	</ol>
	</body>
   Also assume we have a array of person names (5 names).
   Read from array and populate the above list with member names in bullet form.

Q6.Consider a HTML document made of multiple divs. Search all divs that contain the string “training”.

Q7.Payment calculator: 
	Create a web page and calculate Payment Information based on Loan Information.
	Validate Loan information textfields for numbers and Payment Information textfields should be uneditable. 
	The other constraints are as follows :
		1. Amount of Loan should not be more than 15 lakhs.
		2. Repayment period should be between 7 yrs to 15 yrs.
		
Q8. Create a Login.html page that accepts username and password. 
    Following are the validations required:
	1. Both fields are mandatory
	2. Username must be between 6 to 10 characters, all alphabetic.
	3. Password should be greater than 8 characters, must contain a # and atleast one digit.

Q9. Create a HTML page that accepts order details:
    Following are validations required:
	1. All fields are mandatory
	2. Customer name must be greater than 5 characters.
	3. Billing date must be lesser than shipping date.
	
    On clicking the display button, all form information must be saved into an Order object. 
    The details of this object must be displayed in a new window in a neat tabular fashion(hint : use window.open())
    
Q10. Create a HTML page that will display a form and on clicking the button, the details will be listed. 
     Also create an object with all details from form, show them in new window through the newly created object.

     The following requirements must be met:
	 Name: Required, only alphabets allowed, maximum length is 10.
	 Lucky number: Required, must be of 4 digits.
	 All other fields are mandatory
	 Display appropriate messages in case of invalid data.
    	
